- **Author:** Vivek Khimani
- **Contact:** +12673049080
- **Purpose:** Interaction with CollectUpdatesContract (Federated Learning Research Paper)

---

## Required Installations:

- **web3** - "pip install web3"
- **ipfs-api** - "pip install ipfs-api"
- **local ipfs installation** - "https://docs.ipfs.io/guides/guides/install/"

## Files Information:

- **Participant_Details.csv** => csv file containing ethereum addresses and private keys of all the participants (ALL)
- **my_abi.json** => abi of the CollectUpdates contract stored in json format (VIVEK)
- **state_abi.json** => abi of the State contract stored in json format (VIVEK)
- **credentials.py** => formatted abis of both the contracts (VIVEK)
- **DeployContract.py** => used to store and create CollectUpdates contract instance (VIVEK)
- **DeployStateContract.py** => used to store and create State contract instance (VIVEK)
- **all_clients.py** => hash map (dictionary) containing address and private key of all clients (VIVEK & ABHISHEK)
- **whitelisted.py** => NEED TO BE GENERATED BY ABHISHEK using some AGENT SAMPLING MECHANISM. data structure is explained in the file. (ABHISHEK)
- **main.py** => calling interface for smart contract methods. FIND more details in INSTRUCTIONS section. (VIVEK & ABHISHEK)
- **ipfs_conn.py** => USED to establish connection with IPFS api and add the local updates to IPFS API and generate hashes.(VIVEK & ABHISHEK)
- **StoredHashes.py** => RUNS ipfs_conn.py functions and stores the generated hashes in a dictionary so it can be later used by ABHISHEK to retrieve the local update values (VIVEK & ABHISHEK)
- **updateGlobalState.py** => Saves the current global update model in the State smart contract when called (VIVEK & ABHISHEK)
- **getLocalAgentUpdates.py** => Uses the IPFS hashes (stored locally, no interaction with the hashes stored on the contract due to web3py bug) to get the local updates of all the participating agents (VIVEK & ABHISHEK)

## Instructions:

- Data for all the agents can be found in **all_clients.py** in a hashMap structure which is explained in the file.
- **ABHISHEK** needs to add REPUTATION SCORE data to the hashMap (if required).
- **ABHISHEK** needs to run an AGENT SAMPLING SCRIPT on **all_clients.py** that will sample whitelisted agents and put it in a data structure explained in **whitelisted.py**.
- Once the whitelisted agents are available (in the given format), **ABHISHEK** needs to run the script **main.py**. This will add the whitelisted agents to blockchain.

- **IPFS DAEMON** has to be activated at this stage on the local computer using IPFS-CLI. Please find it online. Should be straightforward.

- Later, **ABHISHEK** can run **ipfs_conn.py** which will serialize the local updates from each agent and add it to the IPFS, generate hashes, and store those hashes on the blockchain.
- At the end, there will be a HASHMAP (mapping) stored on the blockchain which will contain the AGENT ADDRESSES as the key, and the IPFS HASHES generated for their data as a VALUE.
- The data structure can be used to query and use the data for further hypersphere-based classification model. (These updates can be received back as PYTHON LISTS using **api.get_pyobj(HASH)**. The HASH value for each agent will be found from the mapping stored on smart contract.)
